Awesome.
So, we will give this a few few more
minutes before we get started. Um, in so
today we're going to be talking about
Notebook LM, different ways to use it
and and really focusing on the marketing
aspect of it, how you can use it to be
your your market expert,
um, and and take your marketing to
another level. So, uh, I'm excited about
this. Notebook LLM is one of the like
most slept on underdog, you know, tools
that you can use. So, uh, it's really
cool. So, I think you guys are going to
really enjoy what we're going over
today. Um, and I also have recorded
walkthroughs on how to set up Gemini,
the settings, all of that, how to create
an AI twin, very easy. So, those videos
are with the training team. They're
going to be putting them on the train
site and I'm going to end up dropping
the links because I have those dubbed in
Vietnamese and Spanish and of course
English. So, I'm going to put those
links once we get going into this um
into the comments. So you can click on
the link for whatever language that you
want that in and it will walk you
through how to do the settings, how to
connect the the different um like you
know Gmail, Google Drive, all that stuff
in there and setting and setting that
up. So it's pretty cool.